In this subunit, you have looked at some machine learning applications in the real world. Take inspiration from what you see and think about what kind of applications you'd like to work on. Think of this as an opportunity to start collecting ideas for your capstone.

1. Surfer counter; based on images or videos identify surfers in the ocean and produce a count to see how crowded a location is
    if this works, try to track surfers in the ocean and rate the quality of the waves ridden based on speed(position change) or some NN
    
    elevator pitch "I am applying for the assessment analyst position at UCSC. My name is William Kuhns. I am a current masters student at UCSC. I finish the applied economics and finance program in June 2020. I believe I am an excellent candidate for this position due to my diverse education background, data science experience, and programming ability.  
    For my education I have a certification in computer science and a BA in mathematics, economics, and statistics. These past education accomplishments give me robust fundamentals to supplement more advanced fields i.e. applied econometrics, linear algebra, and machine learning. Currently, I am pursuing an MS while simultaneously untaking a machine learning bootcamp to supplement my python programming skills. The masters program gives me a strong theoretical background in economics, econometrics, and statistics. The machine learning bootcamp is a project based curriculum focused around python machine learning libraries including Numpy, Pandas, PyTorch, or TensorFlow. This bootcamp will finish in mid-July.
    I have previous data engineering, teaching, and data science experience. While working at a Santa Cruz based nonprofit advisor I was given an open ended project to improve model evaluation speed and data pipeline flow. I conducted data cleaning and model revision to improve performance by 15%. Currently, I am TA for Econ 2 at UCSC taught by Julie Gonzalez.
    Thank you for taking the time to evaluate me as a candidate for this position. This role seems like an near perfect fit for me because of proficiency in stata and python, knowledge of econometrics, and education background in statistics and mathematics. I am currently working on a computer vision project for the machine learning bootcamp capstone project. I would encourage reaching out for an update or questions relating as the project is ongoing. I look forward to hearing back. Thank you for your time.
